Add instructions to enable anypoint monitoring (#137)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-monitor-applications.adoc

== Anypoint Monitoring

> 

Reviewer: ORG:
Ensure that the subject of this subtopic is introduced in the text of the topic that contains it, and that it is a peer of all other subtopics at this level.
Ensure also that the text of this subtopic introduces the subtopics that it contains.
GLOBAL org. recommendation for all deliverables.

> xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] includes tools that provide feedback from Mule flows and components 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] includes tools that provide feedback from Mule runtime engine (Mule) flows and components 
```

> in your application network. For applications and API gateways deployed to Runtime Fabric, Anypoint Monitoring 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your application network. For applications and API gateways deployed to Anypoint Runtime Fabric (Runtime Fabric), Anypoint Monitoring 
```

> provides basic metrics to all customers. Titanium customers have access to additional capabilities, including 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides basic metrics to all customers. Customers subscribed to the Titanium plan have access to additional capabilities, including 
```

> application log retrieval and search.

Reviewer: Be sure to mention the following contained subtopics, enabling and disabling.

Reviewer: Be sure to mention the following contained subtopics, enabling and disabling.

> === Enable Anypoint Monitoring

Reviewer: In most deliverables, I would expect task topics to not be "buried" at the third level of the information hierarchy.
I think we want "The User Journey" of tasks to be primary.

> By default, Runtime Fabric is configured to send application metrics to Anypoint Monitoring. Titanium customers also have application logs automatically sent to Anypoint Monitoring by default. In order for metrics and logs to be sent to Anypoint Monitoring, outbound network connectivity must be available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Runtime Fabric is configured to send application metrics to Anypoint Monitoring. Titanium-plan customers' application logs are automatically sent to Anypoint Monitoring by default. For metrics and logs to be sent to Anypoint Monitoring, outbound network connectivity must be available. 
```

> If an outbound proxy is needed, configure Runtime Fabric to use a SOCKS5 proxy by following the instructions in xref:manage-proxy.adoc[Manage Proxies Used by Runtime Fabric].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need an outbound proxy, configure Runtime Fabric to use a SOCKS5 proxy by following the instructions in xref:manage-proxy.adoc[Manage Proxies Used by Runtime Fabric].
```

To verify outbound network connectivity:

. Ensure each node in Runtime Fabric can send outbound TCP (Lumberjack) communication using port 5044 to:
.. US control plane: `dias-ingestor-nginx.prod.cloudhub.io`

> .. EU control plane: `dias-ingestor-nginx.prod-eu.msap.io`

Reviewer: To verify outbound network connectivity, ensure that each node in Runtime Fabric can send outbound TCP (Lumberjack) communication using port 5044 to:
* US control plane: `dias-ingestor-nginx.prod.cloudhub.io`
* EU control plane: `dias-ingestor-nginx.prod-eu.msap.io`

Reviewer: Do not create a list or step for just one item.

> === Disable Anypoint Monitoring for an application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Disable Anypoint Monitoring for an Application
```
...but why does this title specify "for an application" when the peer enabling title does not?
